02/11/16 - 10:43
Members in attendance:- Oliver, Max

Talked about previous week's work. Max's walking animation was slightly jittery and so needed extra frames, this will be one task for the coming week.
Max did some work on tasks in the backlog rather than on the assigned tasks, and when uploading work, rather than uploading it to the repository he commented
a zip folder with a psd file in it, I have exported the psd into a png and uploaded it to github. One tast was not started. This task has been reassigned for the coming week.
Also the task that was completed, I have closed however it was only half completed, and so I have created a new task to complete the remaining parts of that task.

Also managed to export some files from 3ds into a usable form in unity. These are the missing assets from the week commencing 19/10/16 for the ground and grass.

During our meeting with Chris he pointed out some less than optimal uses of code, which were using slow processes and he suggested changing from
instantiation for the rain every time we needed it, and deleting it when we didnt, to instantiating many at the start of the program and then activating/deactivating
as needed.
Chris also mentioned moving where the functionality of item pickups is to the item rather than the player, so that multiple items can be picked up, rather than just the one that
the player's script is looking for.

Max did some work on tasks in the backlog rather than on the assigned tasks


09/11/16 - 10:47
Members in attendance:- Oliver, Max

the majority of max's work for last week was either not started or not finished (it was pulled into "in progress" but no work was uploaded and no time logged)

Discussed adding a can with a spider inside of it, which would act as an obstacle for the player to overcome, the spider would have some AI which follows/chases the player
and the player needs to traverse the spiders web and survive the spider to escape the can (skill test, also adds stress to the player)

discussed using a jumping mechanic, and using more of a puzzle style activity in order to engage the player, E.g there are rocks that the player can pick up and move to a cliff
which would allow for the player to jump on them to traverse the terrain. This would introduce a timed mechanic (the grass will buckle under a certain amount of hits by the rain) 
and a skill mechanic in dodging the rain (possibly slow down the player under different loads e.g big rocks slow the player down more than small rocks) which would generate stress on the player
then we could add more of a permanent shelter to allow release of any built up tension.

16/11/16 - 11:36
Members in attendance:- Oliver, Max

Sam emailed to say he was in the labs, however did not respond to emails from myself with regards to where he is/asking him to meet us.
One piece of max's work was not started(he had been assigned this for 2 weeks in a row) 

Discussed ways to improve the powerpoint for the presentation
discussed adding new features to the game, however during the presentation Rob and Steve advised us otherwise, and to instead polish the game we already have
Tasks for the next week will be focussed on finishing the last few important mechanics we need and polishing the game, and finishing off creating art assets we are still in need of.
